First I'll start by getting the Google Chrome browser.
So I'm going to open up whatever default browser I have on my machine and I'm just gonna say Google
Chrome and we can maybe add I don't know download because this should always point us to the right direction
anyway.
And as you can see we have the most secure browser on the web.
Just click it over here and we have an option for downloading.
And we just bravely click here accept and install.
And this is gonna be installed on my machine once the download it has been completed.
We can head over to downloads and notice your here we have the installer package so we can just click
on the package and noticed right away it gives us the Google Chrome so we can just drag and drop it
or applications just so we can have it available.
And right now it's saying that it's copying to the applications and we should have it available to us
in no time.
Now once the installation has been completed you can just close it over here and if you want you can
just reject the Google Chrome and you can just look for it in the application.
So let me see where in the applications I have to go chrome.
So first of all let me open this.
And once I open it up oh here it's going to ask me whether I'm OK with this being the application from
the web.
I'm going to say yes that I would like to open it as well as I would right away.
Gonna set it up in a dock.
So I'm just going to right click it and this is gonna keep it in the dock.
Now also right away I like to make this a default browser.
Now again you don't have to do this but I would suggest that you do that with me.
Just remember that depending on your operating system you might need to take different steps.
Now on a Mac I'm gonna head over for this icon all the way on the top right corner and just gonna click
on it.
So as you can see over here we have the settings part and we can just click on the settings link.
Now within the settings we're going to scroll down a little bit and notice here we have make it has
a default.
So I'm just gonna click it over here and I'm gonna say that yes I would like to use Chrome as my default.
And that pretty much completes our downloading of chrome and setting it up as our default browser.